It's only after 4 o'clock
There is still more than an hour before get off work.
It's enough to pack up this Song Nan Pavilion
I want to watch Sheng Yu for the last three years
All designers' plans
Find inspiration, go get it for me
Who wants to see who goes?
Don't you listen to me?
You and I stand up
And you're obviously messing around on purpose
I'm not going.
I am your boss
I now order you to go to the archives
Bring the design plan that the lady wants
Yes! I will
But if you look at the plan
You still can't find inspiration
I must be expelled
This is this year's
Last year's
The year before last
Of course, it's in Wang Duo's sin.
Usually no one comes over at all
I'll see you off later